Yuma: Last time on
Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
BRONK: Is shark gonna be okay?
Caswell: The doctor says
there's nothing wrong
with him physically.
Cathy: Why doesn't
he wake up then?
Because
shark's soul has been stolen.
When that number Hunter Kite
wins a duel, he takes the
loser's number and their soul.
He stole something
else this time, too.
My golden key.
Mr. Kay: You want me
to track down a Crook?
We're counting on you, Mr. Kay!
All you have to do is upload a
virus into the datanet and find
the computer he's using.
Which should lead us
directly to Kite's
and to yuma's key!
CRASHBUG: Crashbug!
KITE: Yuma's pendant has opened
up a portal, and I bet it's a
portal to astral world!
Orbital 7: Master?
What is that?
The virus has detected something
the data-Stream leads
to a warehouse that's
owned by Mr.Heartland.
That's where my golden key is!
TORI: Yuma!
You must be the visitor
from, astral world.
I'm going to need you to hand
over the numbers you've
collected with yuma!
ASTRAL: If I did that, I would
never regain my memories.
Then I'll have to
get them another way.
Let's duel!
Photon Leo, stick it
to gogogo giant!
CRASHBUGS: Crashbug!
Uh-Oh we're being hacked!
It's too late!
The whole system is crashing!
ANNOUNCEMENT: Security breach
in sector three.
security breach in sector three
it's yuma!
How did they get in here!?
you know you're going to lose.
Call it quits and give
me all your numbers.
No, I will not quit.
Prepare yourself number Hunter,
because I am feeling the flow!
♪ As Life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ down and down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams from dieing ♪
♪ I hi-Five the skys ♪
♪ spread my wings say
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe...♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future is
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breathe my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'm taking a chance today ♪
Astral, where are you!?
Hang on astral, I'm on the way!
I've got to stop yuma before
this spins out of control!
Better Call for backup!
Calling orbitals five and six!
Bash Those brats!
Guess we can't go this way.
Or that way!
This welcoming party
doesn't look too friendly.
Get outta here yuma!
We'll keep these 'bots busy so
you can g scue astral!
But bronk
Hey, blockhead!
CATHY: You sure gave that
bot the boot, Caswell!
Go ahead yuma, we'll handle 'em!
Now go get your key!
Thanks you guys.
Take that you big bug!
When we run out of
shoes, we'll sock ya!
KITE: Those life points are
running out quickly
my foolish friend.
Your time is almost up!
I place a card facedown
and end my turn.
Hesitating?
Why bother you'll lose
no matter what you do.
We shall see!
I draw!
none of my defensive Moves
have worked against Kite.
I wonder What yuma
would do now?
No!
Let me!
Quick!
Ow!
They're still loose!?
Okay
no more Mr. Nice 'bot!
I'm waiting.
Are you going to make
a move or not!?
I know exactly what yuma
would do in this duel.
I must feel the flow!
I summon zubaba Knight!
Zubaba KNIGHT: Zubaba Knight!
Next I send this
card to the graveyard to
summon acorno!
And then I'll activate the
spell card drop exchange!
Now if I send two or more
monsters to my graveyard, I can
summon a monster from
my hand whose level is
equal to their total!
So by sending level 3
zubaba Knight and level 1
acorno to my graveyard
I can bring out kagetokage!
As you see I now have two level
four monsters on my field.
I hope you're about to do
what I think you are.
I overlay gogogo golem and
kagetokage in order to build the
overlay network and xyz summon,
number 39: Utopia!
Not more firewalls!
I can't Hack this
security system!!!
that looks like Kite.
Except he seems a lot happier.
Who's that other kid?
DOOR: Yuma tsukumo, have
you the courage?
Courage for what?
Enter the door and you shall
gain New power beyond anything
you imagine, but to balance this
power, you must sacrifice that
which is most important to you.
There is one who stands
in your way, however.
Use your skill to
defeat this threat.
Now if you dare,
enter this door.
Enter and obtain the
power of zexal!
The power of zexal?
Your utopia - Will soon be mine!
You are greatly mistaken.
Utopia attack photon Leo
with Rising SUN slash
nice try, but your
plan won't work.
Because I have the
trap card armored back!
Know what it does?
It lets me bring back the
monster you just destroyed.
So welcome back to
the duel, photon Leo!
He needs two monsters with at
least 2000 attack points, so
that he can tribute them and
summon galaxy-Eyes
photon Dragon.
I must be ready!
I end my turn.
Zexal
hold it right there, pipsqueak!
Surrender Now
or feel my fury!
You're that mini mech.
I am orbital 7!
And when I get angry,
I have a huge temper!
Who's mini now?!
little pest!
This is how we deal
with trespassers!
I got carried away.
Aw, can't get unstuck.
Help me out here, pal!
We'll call a truce.
Hey stop!
My draw!
I play photon circle!
That monster only
has 1000 attack points.
There are not enough
points to summon galaxy-Eyes.
That's what you think!
I activate the effect of my
equip spell photon Spear.
Now when a monster equipped with
photon Spear is tributed to
summon another monster,
it counts as two!
As two!?
know what that means?
It means trouble!
I summon galaxy-Eyes
photon Dragon!
Go galaxy-Eyes,
blast utopia with photon
stream of destruction!
And now I activate
its special ability!
Say so-long, 'cause that means
monsters are now banished!
And that leaves
you totally vulnerable!
Okay photon circle, you're up!
Attack him directly!
Now that I'm done
attacking, galaxy-Eyes and
utopia return to the field.
But your nightmare isn't over,
because thanks to galaxy-Eyes'
special ability, it absorbs
utopia's overlay units.
And it gains 500 attack
points for each one!
4000 attack points!
And next I'm activating the
spell galaxy storm!
This card lets me
obliterate one xyz monster that
has no overlay units.
Utopia's gone!
I activate, xyz reflect!
When an xyz monster is
threatened by an effect, this
trap card negates that effect
and strikes at you with 800
points of damage!
Impressive.
But not impressive enough.
You forgot something.
Your utopia is powerless
against my galaxy-Eyes.
Perhaps so.
But you may be in for an
unpleasant surprise!
Once again I draw!
Now you will see
utopia's True form!
Since I have less than 1000 life
points, I can draw on utopia and
call Forth Chaos number 39:
Utopia ray!
Go Chaos xyz evolution!
No way, a chaos number!?
I had no idea numbers
have this power.
But it's too bad for
you it has less attack
points than my galaxy-Eyes!
That does not matter.
It has yet another target!
Utopia Ray, wield
your special ability!
Watch as it gains
500 attack points by
using One overlay unit!
Go Overlay charge!
And Now, your photon circle
loses 1000 attack points.
It is time, utopia ray!
Destroy photon circle with
Rising SUN chaos slash!
It is over.
But I thought
that you had beaten me?
When you attacked my photon
circle I only took half the
damage I was supposed to take
because of its special ability!
He seems nearly indestructible!
I am placing one card facedown
and ending my turn.
It looks like
you're in trouble now.
Watch out!
I draw!
Prepare to suffer the rage of
galaxy-Eyes and its photon
stream of destruction!
I activate the trap card Clean
Barrier - Clear force!
This card "clears" Your
attacking monster of its
power-Ups and restores
galaxy-Eyes to its original
attack points,
reducing the damage I take.
This is one duel you will
not win, number Hunter!
No matter what attack
you throw I will block you.
You're still in this duel.
But not for long with
only 400 life points!
One more attack
and you'll be finished
and your numbers will
finally be mine!
Yuma
my golden key!
I hope astral's okay
I am almost out of life points
and out of time.
Farewell, yuma.
I am glad to have known you
what is happening to me?
Something must be
goin' on inside the key!
Listen astral!
I'm here to help!
Astral!
You there, astral?
Gimme a sign!
Here, again?
It has come.
The time for you to decide
enter the door and gain the new
power that is your destiny!
But remember, the power will
only be granted if you sacrifice
that which you hold most dear.
Are you ready for the challenge?
Astral!
Yuma!
Yuma, is that you?
That's right.
I sensed that you
might need help.
You're dueling
against Kite, aren't you?
Yes, yuma.
But I fear it is
too late For help.
My life points are running out.
No!
Just hang on!
I'm comin' to help ya, astral!
Stay there, yuma!
This world is very
different from yours.
I am not sure it is
safe for you here.
In any case, this
fight is mine alone!
That's not True.
You can't go it alone!
Astral, listen!
Don't you see?
We both need each other!
It's zexal!
Zexal is the power I need.
Once I get that power
I can help you.
What do you know about zexal?
Nothing really.
Just what the door told me.
Zexal is a miraculous
power that will save my world.
I will get the power, I promise!
I'll do whatever it takes to
save you, because we're a team!
Together We're gonna
high-Five the sky!
It is my turn!
I will now build the overlay
network with my friend yuma!
Two Mighty forces
will fuse into one
revealing the power of zexal!
Now yuma!
Let's feel the flow!
Zexal morph!
What's going on?
What is that?
What the huh!?
what's with the getup!?
when two distant
souls become one
the power of zexal is revealed!
Wait a minute
that's yuma!
Somehow He got jumbled
up with the other one!
But, even combined you
only have 400 life points!
Are you sure it's that few!?
we can win this, yuma.
It all depends on
this next card!
You must tap into your heart
during this draw,
believe in your cards.
It is the only way you can pick
the one we need right now.
Focus, yuma!
Alright!
Ready astral?
By the power of zexal, give me
the wisdom and skill to draw the
perfect card and
defeat my opponent!
Go Shining draw!
Appear, zexal
weapon - Unicorn Spear!
And now that utopia ray's
equipped with unicorn Spear,
we're gonna gallop to victory!
With An extra 1900 attack points
utopia ray is more powerful than
your galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon!
You still can't defeat me.
When utopia ray is in possession
of a unicorn Spear
it negates your monster's
ability to flee the field.
There will be no escape
for your galaxy-Eyes!
Go!
Unicorn strike!
I play photon shock!
The power of this
trap activates when you
attack my photon monster.
As a result, we both take the
same amount of damage.
A draw!
That means you can't take my
numbers or my soul, Kite.
All this trouble for nothing.
Why do you even
hunt numbers anyway?
Well, answer me!
I do it because it's
the only way I can
save my little brother.
Brother?
The kid I saw before
but why do you need
numbers to help your brother?
Shark can have this back.
His soul!
You're really returning it?
Finally awake, huh?
SHARK: What's going on?
You've been asleep
a long time, shark.
But I think yuma
just woke you up.
Yuma?
That virus is melting
down all our systems!
And now I'm having
a meltdown too!
Is everybody alright?
Yeah, but it sounds like we
don't have much time!
We better go!
Right!
What about yuma?
Yuma will find a way out!
I know it!
Yuma!
Hey, what's goin' on!?
yuma!
Yuma
yuma
So, miss me?
You have some nerve!
We were so worried!
I knew you'd make it!
I'm invincible!
Are you hurt!?
not a scratch!
This isn't over, yuma!
Kite!